================================================================================

PersonaDefinition.md
<br />29

Created by Tyler J. Otte on 3/14/21.
</br>-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

This file is part of the 29 project.

Copyright (c) 2021, Tyler J. Otte.
Licensed under the GNU Affero General Public License v3.0.

See https://github.com/TylerJOtte/29/LICENSE.txt for more details.
<br />================================================================================

# Persona Definition

## Proficient

The average player is experienced enough to determine the majority of their
hand's count. They may use the application to confirm their self-counted hand,
and/or view the one combination they were missing or slightly miscounting.

## Adult

The average player is 30+, married, has kids, and retains a full-time job. They
prefer a UI design that is geared towards their age. The game itself is
perceived as a break from other activities. Therefore, the application's colors, typography, etc. must simulate a tone that is fun but not childish, and
professional but not work-like.

## Competitive

The average player enjoys enough of a challenge to peak their interest, but not
be overwhelmed. The game inherently provides this aspect. Since the hand's count
is the reward, the UI design needs to emphasize this above other elements. It
needs to evoke a feeling of achievement in an official yet accessible manner.

## Time Conscious

The average player is willing to create time for breaks, but becomes anxious if
more than the allotted time is spent. At this point, it takes away from their
future-perceived (or actual) time already assigned to other activities.

The game only takes 15-30 min to play, with each round averaging 2 min in
length. It is perceived as a value by the average player as a non-burdensome
break that's worth the the risk of carving out time from other activities.
Therefore, any of the application's actions that add to this time (e.g.,
inputting the hand) must be worth the tradeoff, and add only the least amount of
time as possible.

## Reward/Feedback Oriented

The average user is incentivized by short and long-term goals. The game itself
provides this value, such as the pegging round. The application needs to meets
this value as well through animations. Selections need to be immediately
emphasized, screen count needs to be limited (i.e., no tabs), and total click
count to obtain the score needs to be as minimal as possible.

## Strategic

The average user enjoys creating a short game-plan in their head of how to play
their cards. They already have a vision, and are not looking for a guidance as
new players. The application must be a helpful tool in their arsenal when
needed, not a teaching tool. It can absolutely be used by new users, but it's
not primarily geared towards them.

## Team Oriented

The average user enjoys playing the game in teams (e.g., 2 vs. 2). The
application could contain a feature that allows inputting, tracking, etc. of
multiple hands by multiple teams throughout a game's lifecycle. This is not a
necessary addition right now, but could be implemented in a future release if
the need is strong enough.

## iPhone User

The average player uses an iPhone X+. They use it primarily in portrait mode,
even with applications that are better suited for viewing in landscape (e.g.,
viewing photos in Photos application). They highly enjoy their phones, and
always have them near them. They also do not mind looking up information when
need to and use Siri to aid them.

## Simplistic Experience Oriented

The average user enjoys apps that have a clear purpose, and stick to it through
the application's updates. They become extremely bothered when features are
modified, added, etc., that either aren't broke or take away from the value they
used the application for.

The average user understands basic navigation features and other common
elements, but does not prefer flipping through multiple screens. The application
needs to abide by these values and preferences in its initial deign, and with
any updates made to future versions.

## Non-Debuggers

The average user has limited patience for tech errors, nor the drive to
self-diagnosis and fix them when they occur. The application must stick to its
original purpose, providing the primary 1-2 functions and not change the
interface, add features, etc. if not necessary and/or helpful to the user
(i.e., don't fix what's not broke).
